
MY INTRODUCTION (Some brief introduction about myself):
Hello I am Ayushman Acharya. I am an 18 year old college student studying in University of Engineering and management Kolkata. I currently reside in Kolkata but I am from Odisha. I am pursuing my bachelors in Computer science( AI + Ml). These are some basic introduction about myself. Some extra info about me I have really bad adhd, I just cant’ stop doing things I find interest in, and this sometimes turns out to be harmful.

My hobbies:
1)	 Programming: I have been programming since class 6th, actually since class 4th as QBASIC was first taught to us (idk if you consider qbasic a programming lang but yeah objectively it is). I love to program and be lost in the pursuit of building that one cool project that would make you a millionaire (haven’t reached there but trying). Some programming languages I have learned since are python, java, c++, javascript, html (not a programming lang I know), css(not a programming lang Ikk), flutter, Kotlin, dart, xml(not  a programming lang ik). Now don’t expect me to solve any problem related to these programming lang (human mind forgets things). Here’s my github repo if you know what projects I have made  https://github.com/dopedebug

2)	 Chess: Okay so I play chess, but I not so happy about it. The thing is there is this love and hate relationship between me and chess. When I start playing chess I just can’t stop, its really addictive. I am currently 1000elo on my chesscom account. I wont’ say a lot about this hobby cuz IDK if I wanna continue this hobby but I just can’t stop quitting it. Also if you see me playing chess quietly, it means im really fuckin depressed, challenge me into a bullet game. My chesscom username is “6cada”, if you wanna play with me then hit me a req.

3)	Reading books: Okay so is something I got into recently, like its just been a year. But I enjoy reading. My prominent genres are non-fiction finance books, books related to starting up and classics. I really wanna get into sci fi and fantasy though but I have adhd so once I start I won’t be able to stop reading it. My favourite non-fi book  The Personal MBA, favourite classic   Crime and Punishment, sci fi books  hitchhikers guide to the galaxy(I have read only 3 sci fi books (dune, the left hand of darkness and hitchhikers guide to the galaxy.))

4)	 Anime: Now I genuinely don’t consider watching anime a hobby but just timepass. I won’t say much about this but my top 3 animes 1) aot(obv) 2) monster/tokyo ghoul 3) terror in resonance. My top 3 mangas  1) 20th century boys 2) Vinland Saga(anime also goated)  3) Sakamoto days. Some currently reading mangas  billy bat and frieren(weird choice but I like it). Animes Not watching any these days. Some romcom recommendation  1) insomniacs after school 2) silent voice 3) Josse, The tiger and the Fish.


5)	 Games recommendation  not a big fan of games but loved gow, Detroit become human, sekiro, last of us, another game which I don’t remember but was about 2 brothers where the younger one had telekinetic powers.  

FUTURE GOAlS:
Won’t say a lot because I believe you should keep your goals to yourself but I wanna be a successful founder some day. Solving real world problems and make shit tons of money thass it. 

Relationship status:
	Been single. Am single. But not looking for relationships. My type of women  ladki honi chahiye, zinda honi chahiye, aur chesscom me 1500 elo hona chahiye(joking)

About me: 
Okay IDK what people think about me. Just a chill guy who likes doing shit, not a big fan of hangouts.
my insta  
my linkedin   